### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
  It is a database management system that expands upon the SQL language and has a variety of features,

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  PostgreSQL extends upton SQL language and supports more languages than SQL and has more features than SQL. It supports JSON
  (non-relational) and SQL(relational) querying.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  \c (database)

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  HAVING is more "specific" than WHERE. WHERE is applied first to individual rows that fit the condition and the rows are grouped.
  Then HAVING is applied to the rows in the result and only groups that meet the HAVING condition appear in the query output.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  INNER JOIN joins the matching values of two tables together. OUTER JOIN joins all the records from left and right table.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  LEFT OUTER JOIN joins together all the records of the left table and matching rows from the right table. RIGHT OUTER JOIN joins
  all the records from the right table and matching rows from the left table.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  ORM stands for object-relational-mapping. It is a tool to help simplify the interaction between relational databases and OOP
  languages.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  AJAX sends and receives the request without having to reload the page because it is async. You dont need to involve flask in
  the API and it can be faster. Server side is more secure and prevents attacks, it is easier for server to store and process
  the data so it can be faster. It is basically a linear process from browser to server to API/DB.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  CSRF stands for cross-site request forgery. A CSRF token is generated by a server-side application in order to protect hacking
  attempts. When a HTTP request is sent by the client, the server side application compares the two tokens found in user session
  and in the request, if the token is missing or doesn't match the value in the user session, the request is rejected, the user
  session terminated and logged as a potential CSRF attack.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  Hidden fields are used to pass values that you don't want to display to end user but you want to have available when the form is
  submitted. For example, you can use it to hide a csrf token or maybe a customer ID because putting it into session has overhead or
  session might expire. They are useful and very lightweight.
